devx: make the sg hack hour official (#1711)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/product-engineering/engineering/enablement/dev-experience/index.md

- Internal team channel in #dev-experience-internal
- [GitHub planning board](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/212)
- Daily updates via [Geekbot](https://app.geekbot.com/dashboard/standup/90468/view/insights) to #dev-experience-updates
- [Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1d1scMzzmXM5uCEpKI06U9cc6zPF7g9wE)

### Meetings

#### Team meetings

The DevX team currently has weekly sync meetings and biweekly retrospectives within the team.

- [Team sync notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Lm6GT-F4v9OTa5wxa1-AKLtNwlDkORbbeGjqVd9kWPg/edit)
- [Retrospective notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QR1It6KGccwWRpASH16J64QNkpHtngI4o2ttrGpVCwU/edit#)

#### `sg` hack hour

> There is a weekly `sg` hack hour the DevX team co-hosts weekly Fridays from 16:00 UTC to 17:00 UTC for anyone interested in making contributions to [the Sourcegraph developer tool](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/background-information/sg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a weekly `sg` hack hour that Thorsten Ball and the DevX team co-host weekly Fridays from 16:00 UTC to 17:00 UTC for anyone interested in making contributions to [the Sourcegraph developer tool](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/background-information/sg).
```
